item.WeakiumIngot.name=Weakium Ingot
item.PurpliniumIngot.name=Purplinium Ingot
item.OreiteIngot.name=Oreite Ingot
item.SoftiumIngot.name=Softium Ingot
item.Gemium.name=Gemium Ingot
item.BagelliumIngot.name=Bagellium Ingot
item.CakiumIngot.name=Cakium Ingot
item.PigoliumIngot.name=Pigolium Ingot
item.MediumIngot.name=Medium Ingot
item.NetherStarIngot.name=Nether Star Ingot
        
item.Coalium.name=Coalium

item.WeakiumSword.name=Weakium Sword
item.PurpliniumSword.name=Purplinium Sword
item.OreiteSword.name=Oreite Sword
item.SoftiumSword.name=Softium Sword
item.GemiumSword.name=Gemium Sword
item.BagelliumSword.name=Bagellium Sword
item.CakiumSword.name=Cakium Sword
item.PigoliumSword.name=Pigolium Sword
item.MediumSword.name=Medium Sword
item.NetherStarSword.name=Nether Star Sword

item.WeakiumAxe.name=Weakium Axe
item.WeakiumShovel.name=Weakium Shovel
item.WeakiumPickaxe.name=Weakium Pickaxe

item.WeakiumHelmet.name=Weakium Helmet
item.WeakiumArmor.name=Weakium Chestplate
item.WeakiumLegs.name=Weakium Leggings
item.WeakiumBoots.name=Weakium Boots

tile.WeakiumOre.name=Weakium Ore
tile.CoaliumOre.name=Coalium Ore
tile.HardiumOre.name=Hardium Ore

tile.WeakiumBlock.name=Weakium Block

itemGroup.tabOres=Additional Ores