item.WeakiumIngot.name=Weakium Ingot
item.PurpliniumIngot.name=Purplinium Ingot
item.OreiteIngot.name=Oreite Ingot
item.SoftiumIngot.name=Softium Ingot
item.Gemium.name=Gemium
item.BagelliumIngot.name=Brownonium Ingot
item.CakiumIngot.name=Cakium Ingot
item.PigoliumGem.name=Baconite
item.MediumIngot.name=Medium Ingot
item.NetherStarIngot.name=Nether Star Ingot
        
item.Coalium.name=Coalium


item.WeakiumSword.name=Weakium Sword
item.PurpliniumSword.name=Purplinium Sword
item.OreiteSword.name=Oreite Sword
item.SoftiumSword.name=Softium Sword
item.GemiumSword.name=Gemium Sword
item.BagelliumSword.name=Brownonium Sword
item.CakiumSword.name=Cakium Sword
item.PigoliumSword.name=Baconite Sword
item.MediumSword.name=Medium Sword
item.NetherStarSword.name=Nether Star Sword

item.WeakiumAxe.name=Weakium Axe
item.PurpliniumAxe.name=Purplinium Axe
item.OreiteAxe.name=Oreite Axe
item.SoftiumAxe.name=Softium Axe
item.GemiumAxe.name=Gemium Axe
item.BagelliumAxe.name=Brownonium Axe
item.CakiumAxe.name=Cakium Axe
item.PigoliumAxe.name=Baconite Axe
item.MediumAxe.name=Medium Axe
item.NetherStarAxe.name=Nether Star Axe

item.WeakiumShovel.name=Weakium Shovel
item.PurpliniumShovel.name=Purplinium Shovel
item.OreiteShovel.name=Oreite Shovel
item.SoftiumShovel.name=Softium Shovel
item.GemiumShovel.name=Gemium Shovel
item.BagelliumShovel.name=Brownonium Shovel
item.CakiumShovel.name=Cakium Shovel
item.PigoliumShovel.name=Baconite Shovel
item.MediumShovel.name=Medium Shovel
item.NetherStarShovel.name=Nether Star Shovel

item.WeakiumPickaxe.name=Weakium Pickaxe
item.PurpliniumPickaxe.name=Purplinium Pickaxe
item.OreitePickaxe.name=Oreite Pickaxe
item.SoftiumPickaxe.name=Softium Pickaxe
item.GemiumPickaxe.name=Gemium Pickaxe
item.BagelliumPickaxe.name=Brownonium Pickaxe
item.CakiumPickaxe.name=Cakium Pickaxe
item.PigoliumPickaxe.name=Baconite Pickaxe
item.MediumPickaxe.name=Medium Pickaxe
item.NetherStarPickaxe.name=Nether Star Pickaxe


item.WeakiumHelmet.name=Weakium Helmet
item.PurpliniumHelmet.name=Purplinium Helmet
item.OreiteHelmet.name=Oreite Helmet
item.SoftiumHelmet.name=Softium Helmet
item.GemiumHelmet.name=Gemium Helmet
item.BagelliumHelmet.name=Brownonium Helmet
item.CakiumHelmet.name=Cakium Helmet
item.PigoliumHelmet.name=Baconite Helmet
item.MediumHelmet.name=Medium Helmet
item.NetherStarHelmet.name=Nether Star Helmet

item.WeakiumArmor.name=Weakium Chestplate
item.PurpliniumArmor.name=Purplinium Chestplate
item.OreiteArmor.name=Oreite Chestplate
item.SoftiumArmor.name=Softium Chestplate
item.GemiumArmor.name=Gemium Chestplate
item.BagelliumArmor.name=Brownonium Chestplate
item.CakiumArmor.name=Cakium Chestplate
item.PigoliumArmor.name=Baconite Chestplate
item.MediumArmor.name=Medium Chestplate
item.NetherStarArmor.name=Nether Star Chestplate

item.WeakiumLegs.name=Weakium Leggings
item.PurpliniumLegs.name=Purplinium Leggings
item.OreiteLegs.name=Oreite Leggings
item.SoftiumLegs.name=Softium Leggings
item.GemiumLegs.name=Gemium Leggings
item.BagelliumLegs.name=Brownonium Leggings
item.CakiumLegs.name=Cakium Leggings
item.PigoliumLegs.name=Baconite Leggings
item.MediumLegs.name=Medium Leggings
item.NetherStarLegs.name=Nether Star Leggings

item.WeakiumBoots.name=Weakium Boots
item.PurpliniumBoots.name=Purplinium Boots
item.OreiteBoots.name=Oreite Boots
item.SoftiumBoots.name=Softium Boots
item.GemiumBoots.name=Gemium Boots
item.BagelliumBoots.name=Brownonium Boots
item.CakiumBoots.name=Cakium Boots
item.PigoliumBoots.name=Baconite Boots
item.MediumBoots.name=Medium Boots
item.NetherStarBoots.name=Nether Star Boots


tile.WeakiumOre.name=Weakium Ore
tile.PurpliniumOre.name=Purplinium Ore
tile.OreiteOre.name=Oreite Ore
tile.SoftiumOre.name=Softium Ore
tile.GemiumOre.name=Gemium Ore
tile.BagelliumOre.name=Brownonium Ore
tile.CakiumOre.name=Cakium Ore
tile.PigoliumOre.name=Baconite Ore
tile.MediumOre.name=Medium Ore
tile.NetherStarOre.name=Nether Star Ore

tile.CoaliumOre.name=Coalium Ore
tile.HardiumOre.name=Hardium Ore


tile.WeakiumBlock.name=Weakium Block
tile.PurpliniumBlock.name=Purplinium Block
tile.OreiteBlock.name=Oreite Block
tile.SoftiumBlock.name=Softium Block
tile.GemiumBlock.name=Gemium Block
tile.BagelliumBlock.name=Brownonium Block
tile.CakiumBlock.name=Cakium Block
tile.PigoliumBlock.name=Baconite Block
tile.MediumBlock.name=Medium Block
tile.NetherStarBlock.name=Nether Star Block


tile.OreCompressorIdle.name=Ore Compressor
tile.OreCompressorActive.name=Ore Compressor


tile.LiquidOre.name=Liquid Ore


container.OreCompressor=Ore Compressor


itemGroup.tabOres=Additional Ores